“A sentence a day seems like a painful commitment,” I thought to myself as my mind generated the words for my journal to see. The thought left an emotional imprint that morphed into a full out a vision of a time long ago. My minds eye conjured up the figure of a balding man in his mid 20’s who sat with his eyes turned toward a laptop screen. The man, who wore a purple cotton polo,  put a finger up to his lip, as he contemplated what to write next. Trying to ignore the twitch in his eye caused by too little sleep and too much caffeine, he decisively chose and arranged thirty-one words from the hundreds bubbling up in his mind. 


“Good morning, do you know Richard Branson?” This was his greeting to the store clerk who was setting up umbrellas for the outdoor seating. 

“No, I don’t,” replied the clerk.

And then there was darkness as my mental projector ceased running. The man’s conversation with the clerk did not actually end, but I became so distracted by my own mental analysis of what I was seeing, that the vision faded into nothing. After rousing myself fully from the semi-sleep state required for visioneering, I opened my eyes to see that my breakfast of sweet potatoes and broccoli had finished cooling. I had notified Crux a whole 7 orbits ago that I would be cooking my own meals, yet after all this time I still had not eliminated the nagging impulse to dig right into a scalding hot meal. The idea to cook my own food instead of having it robotically prepared for me came from my recurring visions of the balding man. Even during his era, it was easy for men to be lazy and get other men to cook for them, but this is not what the balding man did. Every morning the balding man woke up, sauteed veggies on an old fashioned skillet, dined slowly, careful not to start eating before his food cooled, and then read 10 pages of a resourceful book all before the hour of 5am. Thinking of the man’s sleeping habits sent pangs of anxiety through my body. I venerated his dedication with an intensity rivaled only by the strength of admiration that the balding man must have felt towards his own bicentennial hero, Benjamin Franklin. After eating I rinsed my plate, handed it to Crux, told him to watch over the studio for me, and walked out into the courtyard.

My home spat out an old red magneto board from a recess beside the entrance. Each device on the metropolis' magento-grid had a unique RFID tag that signaled to the grid that the devie was being used. In the early days of the magneto grid, the server that scheduled and routed traffic were centralized which led to a whole gammut of security issues, the most notable of which was caused by a group of 20-30 "pranksters" who did it for the lulz..and a sum of cash that totalled to 10,000BTC. The cash was not stolen, but rather it was donated to the hackers for allowing certian trusted members of the public to participate in the hoax. 

These are the things I wanted to say, but in reality, I said nothing of the sort and noted in my mind a conversation between corrine and shasha cconcerning the arrival of Mitchel
